{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-BoldItalic;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f4\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;\f5\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;
\f6\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17440\viewh17480\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \
A few small things and one larger question that is just me trying to wrap my head around what I think is an important innovation here.\
\

\f1\b Framing: \

\f0\b0 The paper talks about \'93explaining rural voting patterns,\'94 at times as if it is focusing on rural voters and not urban voters, but every insight about rural behavior is a comparison of the two. While it jives nicely with all the urban academics and pundits realizing they don\'92t know *what is going on* in rural America, I think it would do the analysis more justice to frame it as a study of difference. Doing so may or may not mean talking about urban life a bit more (you do plenty) and how it has changed at the same time.\
\
Model: \
I agree with Adeline that you could put it all in the same model.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Model interpretation\
- Predicted probabilities and marginal effects- lots of choices to make about how to present these data\
- the magnitude of the county-level variables seem massive for a one percent increase--it would be good to compare the marginal effects of each of those at different levels of urbanization.\
- Rural is on a 9 point scale, but the industry make up are percentages I believe. Yet those coefficients have a massive effect on the log odds\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\f1\b 2. 
\f2\i \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
differential place-based effects 
\f3\i0\b0 \

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 - footnote 3 notes that you have not done this yet, so I thought I would say what I was imagining this analysis would look like:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 You give education as the archetypical individual trait and agriculture vs manufacturing employment as the exemplar place-based trait. Is the counterfactual for a \'93place-based effect\'94 that someone of similar education would behave differently if there were more agriculture or manufacturing sector employment in their area *regardless of which one they were employed in* (which would be an individual trait? \
A differential place-based effect would then be a diff in diff between levels of education in each type of local economy?\
- The way you describe it, testing explanations of rurality vs political economy would be comparing the interaction effects with individual traits like education (education * % manufacturing vs. education * rural)\
\
- The over-time Diff-in-diff is what we need to explain the rise of urban-rural voting behavior. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
3. Rochelle\'92s points about how we think about social life and political economy relates to Dave\'92s suggestion about hierarchical models and a deeper question about how to think about features of one\'92s community as predictors of individual behavior.\
\
The term concentrated individual differences was not immediately clear -- your definition is clear, but I was racking my brain and failing to come up with a more descriptive term--\'93concentrated individual differences\'94 is more clear, but it\'92s a mouthful. I think part of my challenge is wrapping my head around the conceptual roots of the distinction between individual and community traits with the DV 
\f4\i measured at the individual level. 
\f0\i0  Where exactly do we draw the line? I am struggling with the conceptual difference with place-based differences. In execution, the difference is perfectly clear and emerges smoothly from the oversights of the survey-based American political behavior literature on partisanship. At the conceptual root, though, I could use more clarity on what exactly counts as an individual characteristic is and what counts as a place-based characteristic. To oversimplify, if I work on a farm, that is clearly an individual attribute, but if my brother or neighbor works on a farm, is that a place-based difference? The share of my neighbors who work on farms (how you operationalize) makes total sense, but I\'92m interested I how we should think about the socio-tropic components of behavior. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 People are embedded in social relations. These patterns of social relations vary--are concentrated--by geography. Many political economy scholars would say that the political economy in which we are embedded defines us. What is left of an individual when the social is truly counted for? \
\
More practically, I am sure you are thinking about the endogeneity between whatever traits we measure at the individual or county level. The fact that rural dwellers are more likely to be self employed and homeowners. This is correlation of place and Individual characteristics. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
A hierarchical model is one approach, but there are a lot of pathways between these county-level and individual-level variables. Conceptually, if my area is farming dependent, there are several pathways by which that may affect my vote. I may be a farmer; I may be more likely know a farmer; My job may be indirectly linked to the farming economy; I may have fellow-feeling or shared fate with famers; I might see their concerns on the news or understand them better; I may have \'91rural consciousness\'92 that can be mobilized by certain imagery that matches the world I see around me. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\
----\
\
I don\'92t exactly have critiques. Everything seems correct. My challenge is wrapping my head around how this style of research and finding relates to the more individualistic and sociological research it sits between (and in doing so fills and important gap).  \
\
Concentrated differences as a term is not immediately clear. I don\'92t have any good suggestions, in part because I am struggling with the conceptual difference with place-based differences. In execution, the difference is perfectly clear and emerges smoothly from the oversights of the survey-based American political behavior literature on partisanship. At the conceptual root, though, I could use more clarity on what exactly counts as an individual characteristic is and what counts as a place-based characteristic.\
\
\
The counterfactuals are a bit hard to imagine. \
\
\
\
Socio-tropic correlations. \
\
\'93
\f5 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
We expect, therefore, that those living in rural areas will be more likely to support Republicans, net of a number of individual-level and place-based factors.\'94 This implies that place-based factors should have an effect above and beyond their correlation with ruralness. With both ruralness and factors in the model, we don\'92t know\
\

\f6\b 4. Transfer payments 
\f5\b0 \
- Talk - people don\'92t like welfare \
- Mettler - low participation\
-
\f6\b  Devin\'92s specualation - GOP coalition is better at getting transfers for their coalition because it is bipartisan
\f5\b0 \
\
\

\f6\b 5. Other DVs - Policy support and participation (as you intend to do)
\f5\b0 \
- trade\
\
6. Over time \
Left behind \
Decreasing homogeneitity - increasing inequality \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 FIGURES! \
- 1-9 categories \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\
Model description\
Is the interpretation on the coefficient one percent increase in employment makes someone is an x shift in the odds ratio. \
\
\
\
\
Strongest predictors of voting GOP\
1. Extractive industry\
2. Non-knowledge economy \
3. Farming employment\
4. Share of income from government programs (get your big government hands off my medicare!) \
5. Manufacturing employment \
6. Race}