{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww17540\viewh26560\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 \

\f1\b \
1. Framing: Emphasize the paper\'92s principled disaggregation of \'93climate action\'94 as a contribution.
\f0\b0 \
The paper slightly undersells its intervention in the literature on \'93\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
the determinants of support and opposition for climate action.\'94\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0  As is, the heterogeneity in preferences that you find is framed as explaining \'93\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
how individuals develop preferences\'94 regarding \'93support and opposition for climate action.\'94 This is right; we do learn about how individuals develop preferences. But more directly, you offer a solid theory and evidence about which people prefer which kinds of policy based on the distributional dimensions of compensatory policies. The paper makes an important contribution in helping to desegregate what \'93climate action\'94 means in the first place (policy detail that are often conflated or glossed over under the banner of \'93climate action\'94) and how that affects support among different constituencies. It is not just that support is unevenly distributed or that some policies are more popular than others; you show that different policies have different levels of support in predictable ways. This contribution could be more clear in the intro.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \

\f1\b 2. Vulnerability is a continuous variable.
\f0\b0  In this sentence on page 7: \'93We benchmark these communities against those that are neither ecologically threatened nor policy vulnerable, i.e. the general public.\'94 I would change \'93neither\'94 to \'93neither especially\'94 to be clear that it is a relative, not an absolute distinction--of course, everyone is somewhat ecologically venerable. \
In general, you might talk about about degrees of volnerability, rather than discrete types. I know the analysis presents these as discrete groups for clarity, but one could imaging doing a similar analysis where vulnerability is a continuous variable, exploiting within-group variation in vulnerability. If these data allow you to do so, I\'92d be interested to see it. It also may allow you to comment on differences in the results between the US and Indian samples. \
One clear dimension of variation is percent employed in the fossil fuel sector, where the Cross-Pressured samples are much closer to to the General Population sample than the Fossil Fuel Country samples. We need to know to what extent percent fossil fuel employment or ecological vulnerability accounts for the difference. \
\

\f1\b 3. Clarify the importance of fossil fuel communities in politics.
\f0\b0  If the practical import of the paper relates to\'93how governments can build coalitions\'94 then we might need a few sentences beyond the summary of Bachtel and Scheme at the bottom of page 5 about how important these particular communities are to political coalitions. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \'93Coal country\'94 is a bit misleading for the US sample because you actually sample \'93per capita fossil fuel employment,\'94 which may be mostly oil and natural gas. How well we can generalize from coal could be discussed on pgs. 22-23 and the \'93Role of Community Identity\'94 section. For example, it is not obvious that oil and gas feature \'93workforces that have been culturally distinct and intergenerationally dependent on particular modes of employment.\'94 Indeed you, say that \'93that coal production differs from other fossil fuel industries.\'94 To the extent that you can break out results by BEA codes related to mining vs oil refining etc., you may be able to examine the role that variation in industry structure affects responses. \
To the extent that your sample is broader than coal communities and coal workers, the \'93coal country\'94 moniker undersells the paper. Do coal miners represent an important number of votes in India? They don\'92t in the US, but their image has been mobilized as a symbol far more consequential than their votes. Do White suburbanites who think coal is patriotic share policy preferences with coal communities? Would they fall in line if coal miners were to come out in support of a policy, or would they be re-mobilized to oppose climate action (big government) by a different set of images and rhetorical moves? Additionally, how well do coal communities (or the broader fossil fuel communities measured in the US) proxy for other \'91climate losers\'92 that may be more important voter blocks? Any evidence you have that getting these particular voters into a climate policy coalition matters would lend import to the results.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 4. The correlation between coastal communities and partisanship is a potential confound.
\f0\b0  Do coastal fossil fuel communities have different policy preferences because of their ecological vulnerability or does their coastal location affect both vulnerability and policy preferences. \
\

\f1\b 5. Do specific climate concerns predict support for adaptive infrastucure? 
\f0\b0 The possibility that more precisely defined ecological threats would provoke more support for protective infrastructure is a very interesting idea for future research. Maybe you have tried this, but I wonder if you could get any leverage on that question with these data by looking at things like hurricane damage or flooding by zip code.\
Along these lines, you may be planning on spinning Appendix F as a separate paper. If not,  I would bring the large differences between concerned and unconcerned respondents into the text at the bottom of page 19. These findings directly speak to whether perceived threat affects desire to invest in protective infrastructure--it does!. \
\

\f1\b 6. How do we know that coal being \'93more than a provider of jobs\'94 affects policy preferences? 
\f0\b0 You say that identity and material interest are connected, but the \'93Role of Community Identity\'94 section seems to want to say something about \'93identify-related concerns\'94 that is distinct from material interest in good jobs. The interesting statistic then would be the difference in policy support when a policy is framed on economic grounds or identity grounds. As worded, the question leads with \'93harm jobs\'94 and then says \'93will threaten identities\'94--I am skeptical that \'93because it will threaten the identities of coal workers\'94 is doing any work. Not to say identities (I am a coal worker) are not important. Just that I\'92m not clear how we can disentangle them from material interest.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Minor clarifications:
\f0\b0 \
By \'93policy instruments with fewer distributional implications\'94 (p. 3), I understand you to mean \'93policy instruments with more evenly distributed benefits.\'94 Right?\
Page 4: \'93preferences are closer to those of the general public than to coal country.\'94 Here and elsewhere \'93coal country\'94 means \'93non-cross-pressured coal country\'94 but your particular definition of \'93coal country\'94 has not yet been defined. \
Page 21: \'93Materially, then, non-coal workers are predicted to support community-level transfers to those that directly compensate coal-related job losses.\'94 Either \'93support\'94 should be \'93prefer\'94 or the second \'93to\'94 should be \'93over.\'94 \
\
Page 24: \'93Cross-pressured individuals face more ecological vulnerability than coal country residents. These pressures should translate into mixed preferences for community-level deployment of compensation and mixed concerns for protecting group identities.\'94 Your exact expectations or rational could be more clear. Ecological vulnerability is otherwise absent from this section and the mechanism by which it should matter could be more clear.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Page 24: \'93We see here that these respondents are particularly supportive of transfers 
\f2\i if they are directed at the community level
\f0\i0 .\'94 This suggests that levels of support for compensation (more precisely, their allocation) depend on whether the policy targets individuals or the community. This may be true (and if so, interesting), but the figures show respondents are more supportive of transfers to the community 
\f2\i versus transfers to individual households.
\f0\i0  \
Page 30: \'93Evidently, to purchase societal buy-in in coal communities, policies will need to go beyond appeasing individual workers and instead engage communities.\'94 If this is referring to the finding that fossil fuel communities had a higher percent favoring community-level transfers, I am again curious wether this preferences is actually related to buy-in. Does policy support differ depending on whether it is targeted at the individual or community level?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \
Minor notes on presentation:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 Do the U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis data specify \'93coal\'94 or did you including all \'93mining\'94 sector employment--I\'92ve confronted challenges like this but don\'92t recall how these data are broken down. (This is a footnote at best, perhaps a footnote in an appendix!)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Footnote 13 is important and interesting; it may deserve to be in the main text and brought into conversation with the interpretation of the India results. \

\f1\b Plots: 
\f0\b0 \
- More vertical lines in Figures 1 & 2 would help readers assess differences across samples (horizontal grid lines are not necessary and I would get rid of them).\
- The facet \'93employed\'94/\'93not employed\'94 facet labels on top of the plots in figures 3 & 4. \
- The y-axis label for Figures 3 and 4 could be more clear if it said \'93Percent preferring community-level payments\'94 (vertical grid lines are not necessary)\
\
\
\
Fascinating survey results: Given a budget and policy options including infrastructure and equal dividends, people allocated a fair amount (21% in the US, 26% in India) to workers negatively affected by climate policy, indicating mass support for #JustTransition policies. Working paper from __ here: \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 You say that coal country respondents \'93prefer more community-oriented compensatory mechanisms\'94 -- is this true in the abstract, or is it an artifact of preferring policies that target compensation at 
\f2\i their
\f0\i0  communities? If the latter, it seems some clear support for your main results. Non-coal workers in coal country support community payments that include them over individual payments that don\'92t. If there is abstract support (e.g., if you can show that coal workers are not just thinking about their own payouts being higher if the rest of their family also gets a payment), this seems more complex, and explanations may not be a function of their relationship to coal. \
}